Org Level Readme (#1)
pulsar-edit/.github: profile/README.md

# Welcome to Pulsar

Pulsar, or sometimes referred to as Pulsar-Edit is a new image of the beloved 'Hackable Text Editor' [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom).

> After the announcement of [Atom's sunset](https://github.blog/2022-06-08-sunsetting-atom/) the community came together to keep Atom alive, over on a longstanding fork [Atom-Community](https://github.com/atom-community/atom).

Reviewer: After the announcement of [Atom's sunset](https://github.blog/2022-06-08-sunsetting-atom/), the community came together to keep Atom alive via the longstanding fork [Atom-Community](https://github.com/atom-community/atom).

Author: You should be able to request changes directly on the code, which allows proper attribution. Otherwise these all look good, and I'd be happy to make them. Just let me know if you'd like to do so. I'm trying to find the documentation on that process

Author: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request

> Although due to the difference in goals for the editor long term a new version was born Pulsar.

Reviewer: However, due to differences in long-term goals for the editor, a new version was born: Pulsar.

> Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with origin Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century. With updates to the underlying dependencies and modern features supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with the original Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century, updating the underlying architecture and supporting modern features.
```

Reviewer 2: maybe something like this? I think underlying architecture would include the dependencies and is a little broader in scope

Author: Great idea, to allow ourselves some leeway from this initial claim.

> Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with the original Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century, updating the underlying architecture and supporting modern features.

Reviewer: Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with the original Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century by updating the underlying architecture and supporting modern features.

> With many new features intended to come once things are stable Pulsar will be a true Community-Based Hackable Text Editor.

Reviewer: With many new features on the roadmap, once Pulsar is stable, it will be a true, Community-Based, Hackable, Text Editor.

However, due to differences in long-term goals for the editor, a new version was born: Pulsar.

> Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with the original Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century by updating the underlying architecture and supporting modern features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulsar aims to not only reach feature parity with the original Atom, but to bring Pulsar into the 21st century by updating the underlying architecture, and supporting modern features.
```

Accursed oxford comma
